# Support NYC++
Our meetups are attended by a diverse audience of C++ users living and working
in New York City, including ISO WG21 experts with decades of experience, and
university students about to start their careers. Sponsoring NYC++ is a great
way for an organization to advertise the importance of C++ within their
enterprise.

## Sponsor us
NYC++ is fiscally hosted by the 501(c)3 [Open Collective Foundation
<img src="/redirect-icon.png" width=12em/>](
https://opencollective.com/foundation){:target="\_blank"}. Organizations
interested in sponsoring us can do so via [opencollective.com/nycpp
<img src="/redirect-icon.png" width=12em/>](
https://opencollective.com/nycpp){:target="\_blank"}.

Our sponsors' logos are featured on this website, as well as on slides presented
at the start of each event; sponsors supporting our group at higher levels are
thanked with more prominent placements. We announce each new and renewing
sponsorship via email to ensure our community knows which organizations make our
events possible.

## Sponsor an event
Organziations can also sponsor individual events. Event sponsors work with us to
directly cover the cost of food for attendees. We invite event sponsors to staff
a small table where a recruiter can greet guests, offer swag, and discuss career
opportunities. We allocate a few minutes for a representative from our sponsor
to address the room, inviting them to share a bit about their organization and
the importance of C++ to its business.

Reach out to [nycpp-organizers@googlegroups.com](
mailto:nycpp-organizers@googlegroups.com) to discuss sponsoring an NYC++ event.


## Host an event
An organization hosting an NYC++ event at their offices or campus elevates their
reputation as a prominent supporter of New York's C++ community. For employers
of C++ talent, hosting a meetup offers candidate hires a glimpse of a company's
offices and culture at no expense to the firm. We include a logo for each
organization that has hosted us during the last twelve months on a slide
presented at the start of each event.

Reach out to [nycpp-organizers@googlegroups.com](
mailto:nycpp-organizers@googlegroups.com) to discuss hosting an NYC++ event.
